hey YouTube what's up should I get it
and today we're going to be taking a
look at the chameleon glider case from
k-town now what's really cool about this
case is that it actually changes colors
between blue and purple so what I'm
gonna do here is I will show you guys
what's included with the case some of
the really cool features and we're just
gonna talk about the price now I'm here
to open the packaging it's pretty simple
you literally just plug plastic and you
get some nice simple packaging which is
always good one of the case because you
don't want anything that's it's too
difficult to get your case out inside
you do get a screen cleaning cloth which
is always nice and you also get your
screen protector in here so only a few
companies actually do this but as you
can see inside there is a screen
protector and a little microfiber cloth
which is always nice of case companies
now as you can see here it is a
two-piece case so it has two separate
pieces that connect around the iPhone
for AT&T or Verizon as you can see here
by the cutout because it is one large
cutout
and you get a felt blood interior right
here so basically when you put your
iPhone in you're not gonna scratch it up
which is good because if you could
imagine if this was brushed metal on the
inside that would probably scratch you
back glass of your iPhone that would not
be nice so what we're gonna do is take
my Verizon iPhone 4 right here and slide
it into the case so we are just going to
slide it right there and Wow this is in
very snug fit as you can see right there
I did have to push quite a bit right
there we go so there is a challenge
putting on this case you have to put it
on perfectly so that little piece gets
under there but as you can see here
hopefully it's blue right now right now
you can see it's purple
I know it's blue and it's purple and
it's blue well it changes colors so
let's see what the features are with the
cutout up top you get a nice cutout for
you our little microphone which is for
speakerphone of course and you get your
three-and-a-half millimeter headphone
jack in you also get your power lock
switch right here you get two separate
cutouts which is nice on the right side
you don't get a cut out for the SIM card
but that's no big deal
on the bottom you get a cutout which
looks to be very specific to the Apple
size 30-pin dock connector so we'll see
if this works with my third party dots
the honestly doc would you guys can
check out with the link below and you
get your volume rocker a full piece cut
out so you just get one large cut out
from the mute toggle switch and the ER
plus or minus volume buttons now as you
can see the case does look pretty nice
if it does change colors and it does
feel pretty good in the hands it has
this non-slip grip here on the side
you see it has kind of these ridges
built in and on the company website it
says you get access to the Apple logo
not true so I don't know how that's on
there but of course as you can see here
you can't see the Apple logo and you can
use this once AT&T and Verizon iPhone 4
so I will have my full review up and
just a little bit of this case please
make sure to subscribe to stay tuned for
that
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
please leave a thumbs up do you have any
questions or anything you want me to go
over in my final review leave it in the
comments below and make sure to rate
comment and subscribe it and share this
video with your friends on Facebook and
Twitter peace